W-16334397 cloud connector alt text - A (#2658)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: azure-event-hubs/1.1/modules/ROOT/pages/azure-event-hubs-connector-studio-configuration.adoc

The following example shows the configuration for *Sas Authentication* with *Azure blob storage sas authentication* in Studio:

> image::aeh-sas.png["Configuring azure blob storage SAS authentication"]

Author: ```suggestion
image::aeh-sas.png["Configuration of azure blob storage SAS authentication"]
```

The following example shows the configuration for *Active directory authentication* with *Azure blob storage sas authentication* and *Token credentials properties* in Studio:

> image::aeh-active-directory-client.png["Configuring active directory authentication with client credentials"]

Author: ```suggestion
image::aeh-active-directory-client.png["Configuration of active directory authentication with client credentials"]
```

The following example shows the configuration for *Active directory authentication* with *Azure blob storage active directory authentication* and *Use azure default credentials* in Studio:

> image::aeh-active-directory-default-client.png["Configuring active directory authentication with default client credentials"]

Author: ```suggestion
image::aeh-active-directory-default-client.png["Configuration of active directory authentication with default client credentials"]
```
